so they want me back do they what more
fun is to be had
I gave Dagon a huge stopping Dagon was a
shoo-in I'll do it in ruins
I'm done by the nine this game and the
final the name this one can't be the
same fine but then I guess it's been a
while I'm excited they've got every
province the faces of trying all the
races with sliders for faces and sliders
for breasts piped from the classes and
joining the masses to walk Daedric asses
on your kind of quest get high and high
rock answers to
this whole song I'm still going back
free life is dead to me bring out that
final battle here think I'll settle down
find myself that map was L
you're a chick in real life right yes
you